GoldHub
​
goldsmiths’ q&a webapp
​
​
Group CS4:Conor Okus, Ned Dunningham, Dean Cooksey, Kazi Didar


Project Recap:
Online learning tool that would help Goldsmiths students improve Java skills
Streamlined environment for revising course material
Website that offers users various test and walkthrough practices

[Ned: original idea was an online learning tool that would be a series of tests on the modules we had covered. It was to promote peer to peer learning as a core concept. We could not find a way to implement this past what learn.gold was alredy offering with the forums. Also we don’t really use the forums. We decided to redesign our web app keeping the core concept of student interaction and learning from these interactions.
promoting peer-peer learning;
Learn.gold similar, students do not really use the forums
We want student interaction]

Changes to Project:
Current focus is on improving interaction between Goldsmiths students
Learn from and help your peers
Tap into knowledge of various types of goldsmiths student
Quick one stop solution for all uni related issues

[Dean: crowdsource knowledge; social interaction helping all kinds of students with all of their queries; no social bias
ask and answer questions on a variety of different topics related to uni from studies to social !!
optimize to look best on mobile devices, as well as on personal computers
maybe its gonna bring interaction between more students]


Research Practises:
Utilised POP to create an interactive paper-prototype to allow demonstration of our app
Open-ended questions to users to gauge thoughts and feelings
Advanced the project from the findings

[Conor: initially to get ideas and feedback we used POP as a paper mockup;
8 key features asked to the users to rank]

Changes to Requirements:
Ask categorised questions.
Receive Push notifications.
Ability for user to rate questions, either good or bad.
Having access to archived questions and answers.

[kazi: based on our research , we found most of our users prefer having questions to be categorized.
receive notifications through emails;
users can rate questions as well as answers/comments to push the best one on top; also filter the best answers out of all the rubbish
you might wanna see the the questions you asked or find out an important question
Beyond these requirements, we are always asking our users]

​
facebook plugin
using uni credentials to already gain information on the users
